[The following content is intended
for viewers aged 18 and over]
[It may contain graphic imagery, sounds,
or material involving violence,
sexual themes, and strong language;
viewer discretion is advised]
[This series is a work of fiction,
and any resemblance to actual persons
or to actual events and places is coincidental]
You won't get away from me.
We now turn to a breaking story
shaking the business world.
Vivatpattana Group
is facing allegations of a data leak
as well as a severe liquidity crisis.
Although no official statement
has been made
by Mr. Watt Vivatpattana, the CEO,
who has yet to be contacted,
the allegations alone have caused
significant economic
and social repercussions.
The public is now watching
how this crisis will unfold
and whether it will be handled
with transparency and urgency,
demanding not only explanations
but concrete action plans.
Cheers.
The number of clients with high net worth
at Thada Chartered Bank
has grown by 30 percent
within just one year.
Congratulations, Mr. Khun.
At just 30 years old, you've already
risen to the position of chairman.
What a rising leader
of the new generation.
Not really.
I'm nowhere near my grandfather
or my father yet,
and I still have a lot more to learn.
Always so humble.
By the way, when would you be available?
I have a new project
I'd like to present to you.
Wait,
isn't that Mr. Vier Vivatpattana,
Mr. Watt's son?
I haven't seen him in ages.
What brought him here today?
I wonder about that, too.
How have you been, Vier?
Haven't seen you in ages.
Mr. Khun.
- You haven't changed at all.
- Mr. Khun...
I'll talk to you later.
Please excuse me.
Well...
Mr. Khun...
Vier...
Long time no see.
♫What is left are shadows of ourselves
standing in its place♫
♫And the scars of our pain♫
♫That will never fade away♫
♫What is left is the gaping wound of the past♫
♫Imprisoned by the love
neither of us could never grasp♫
♫If we could turn back time,♫
♫I wonder if we'd hold each other again♫
How did you get that scar?
Is that from when you were kidnapped?
Yeah.
Why?
You don't like me anymore?
Whatever happened to you,
I still like you.
I still remember that night we shared.
So, where have you been?
You didn't even reach out.
You know,
someone's been missing you.
I went on vacation.
But I...
still kept up with things here.
That's how I found out...
Thada Chartered has a new chairman now.
So you were keeping tabs on me?
Of course I was.
After all, we were...
friends.
I missed you.
Why did you stop?
We can do it here.
I don't mind.
You must have taken...
quite a lot of bribes, haven't you?
What do you mean?
Look at this.
Keep scrolling.
There's a lot more.
What the hell are you trying to do?
It's just that...
VPG Group is looking for some funding
at the moment.
Your company's losses
are because your father
stepped into the hotel business himself.
It has nothing to do with me.
I just...
miss the friendship we once had.
I'd like us to work together again.
Take some time to think it over.
It's been so long.
Kelvin?
Let go of me.
You're so shocked, aren't you?
Have you been drinking?
Why does it matter?
What did you do with Khun?
Why?
You're okay seeing everyone else,
but not me?
Why should it matter to you?
Let go of me.
Let go.
Did you sleep with Khun?
Did you?
Answer me!
Why?
Even if I did,
what's wrong with it?
How could you do that
when you're the only one I have?!
How?!
Let go of me.
I won't.
You can't sleep with anyone else.
You have to be with me!
Got it?!
Why?
If you come any closer,
don't blame me.
I'm serious.
Hey!
I know I messed up,
but are you really not gonna forgive me?
You've gone out of your mind.
You still haven't answered me.
If you don't,
I won't let you go.
Fine, fine. I'll tell you.
But... can we take care
of your wound first?
Are you worried about me?
That room...
There should be a first-aid kit in it.
Come with me.
Hey!
Vier!
Let me out!
You won't get away from me!
Damn it!
Vier...
You won't get away from me.
You're awake?
Did you sleep well?
You wore this pajama set last year.
You even bought one for me.
Remember?
How did you know where I was?
Long time no see.
This has gone too far.
What the hell do you want?
I love you.
Chiang Mai, please.
Yes, sir.
He's checking in.
I've been...
watching you ever since the taxi ride.
Vier...
Can we be the same again?
No.
If I had chosen
not to contact him that day,
my life might not have
turned out this way.
Meet me tonight at 8 P.M.
I'll send you my location.
Jeez.
Mind if I vent a little?
This freaking traffic
is driving me nuts.
Earlier at the airport,
someone took my luggage by accident.
Good thing I noticed right away,
or I'd never have gotten it back.
By the way,
this is the luggage you asked me to get.
Tell me.
Are you planning to stay here
instead of going home?
Lit...
What?
My parents don't even nag this much.
Look,
I already booked
another room like this one.
I even booked you a spa session.
Wherever you feel sore,
go get a massage, buddy.
But...
I thought you said
you weren't investing anymore.
Why are you not going home?
And now you're making me come here, too.
I said I wouldn't invest in King Group,
not that I'm done investing altogether.
And what other option
could be better than King Group?
Kelvin.
But isn't he part of King Group?
He's just an insignificant heir
and a pitiful little boy.
Pitiful?
You can't do this
just because you feel sorry for him.
This is business.
I think he's the real deal.
His taste and appearance
are both impressive.
I've never been wrong about people.
He's patient,
brilliant, and hardworking,
yet he keeps it all hidden.
Keeps it hidden?
Well...
not only does he hide
his sharp intelligence,
he also hides his ambition
and determination.
I'm telling you, he's extraordinary.
I mean,
that's an even higher risk.
Come on, man.
At least our company
has never refused to invest
in small but profitable businesses.
Besides,
I want to invest
in my own hotel business.
So you're bringing someone else in?
What about me?
That's why, man.
That's why I called you here.
I want you to help me look into it.
I'm sure our judgment
is good enough.
Fine.
So...
what's next?
What are you gonna do first?
What do you want to know?
How?
And when?
Let's see...
how long he can keep it hidden.
You're Kelvin, right?
Yes.
Welcome to the party.
Hey, Vier. It's your friend.
Kelvin?
Hi, Kelvin.
Vier has told me a lot about you.
You're the second heir
of King Group, right?
Uh...
Not exactly.
Oh...
Kelvin's really great at designing
and running hotels.
Wanna talk to them?
You don't.
Let's just drink. Come on.
Alright, cheers.
Come on.
Cheers.
Take it easy.
If you don't start now, when will you?
This is such a great place.
Do you want more?
Are you not enjoying yourself?
I thought it'd be just us.
Okay, fine.
Here. Cheers.
Let's hurry.
But I never said
it would be just us.
I'm sorry.
I got the wrong idea.
When I got your message,
I was really happy.
I thought you had already
gone back to Phuket.
Well then,
if you feel uncomfortable,
it'll be just us next time, alright?
Thank you.
You're thanking me again?
I didn't mean it that way.
Neither did I.
I just wanted to know
if you play sports.
I do.
What kind of sports
are you talking about?
Any kind, really.
Let's do it tomorrow, then.
If you don't know how to fence,
I can show you.
So you can fence.
I'm not going easy on you, then.
In fencing,
it's not about winning every match.
It's about learning
to get back up every time.
Fencing with you...
is actually pretty fun.
Then next time,
try playing sports my way.
Where the hell is it?
Calm down.
You'll scare the fish away.
Why are you so serious?
It doesn't matter.
Guess the fish doesn't like the bait.
You have no idea.
Patience...
is the best bait for big fish.
Turns out you're into fishing.
I don't see the fun in it.
It's painfully boring.
Guess you like doing things like that.
The kind you took me to try.
Where are you going?
Hey...
Didn't you enjoy it too?
Wait!
I got it!
Whoa.
It's so big.
You're great at this.
Am I?
Not bad.
Am I good at this?
You're pretty good.
You're making me fall harder.
What's wrong?
I don't like this.
What do you mean by this?
You said what happened between us
was just a one-night stand.
And now you're acting weird.
I don't even know
what I'm supposed to do anymore.
Please...
Don't play with my feelings, okay?
Well,
that's why
I want to get to know you more.
I like you.
Let's follow each other on Insta.
I'm not on Insta.
What?
What era are you living in?
I don't have an account.
Never had one.
I don't even know how it works.
Give me your phone.
I'll sign you up.
I don't want to brag,
but I have over
a hundred thousand followers.
What username do you want?
Kelvin.
All done.
You travel quite a lot, huh?
You talk to so many people.
I know you checked my story!
How does he know?
You secretly took a pic of me.
I won't do that again.
We'll just take a pic together.
Why is your profile picture a dog?
I'll tell you next time.
I'll tell you my secret.
What secret?
[What secret?]
I'll tell you the next time we meet.
"I'll tell you the next time we meet."
So,
what's on your mind?
Can you tell me?
I want to start my own business,
fight for justice for my mom,
and claim everything
that's meant to be mine.
My parents fought over the company.
My father claimed that my grandfather
had given him all the management rights.
He broke up with my mom
and asked for a divorce.
She just cried
and told me we lost everything.
I remember that...
my mom drove me out of the house
in the pouring rain
even though she wasn't confident driving.
That was the last time...
I saw her.
The locket you saw...
is the only thing
she left behind.
It's my keepsake of her.
And the dog in the picture...
was our pet.
He was hit by a car
and died the very same day she did.
After my mom passed away,
my father brought Ken and Mother
into the house.
I was sent to an orphanage.
When I turned 18,
my father finally came to get me.
Why did he have to wait until then?
Mother passed away.
But I only found out later
that my father already had Ken and Mother
before he met my mom.
The reason he chose to marry my mom
was for the future.
As for everything else,
I don't want to remember.
To my father,
Ken is the only son.
His only son.
I'm nothing but a dog.
I swore to myself
that I would succeed
and prove to everyone
that my mom's son
is no less than anyone else.
I've saved up some money.
It may not be a lot,
but it's enough to buy a plot of land.
I plan to build my own resort there.
And one day,
I'll take King Group down.
Vier,
do you want to do this with me?
I promise you...
if I ever get everything back,
half of it will be yours.
I appreciate the trust you're giving me.
But I'm a businessman.
Your family background
does matter,
but you still have to
prove yourself to me.
I know.
I've already made a business plan.
Take a look first,
then let me know what you think.
Sure.
[Beachfront Hotel Development Project]
What do you think?
Not bad.
It's quite interesting.
It's a long-term investment plan
meant to increase
the brand's business value.
But...
No one's doing this in Thailand yet.
Right.
Some conservative investors
probably won't like it.
Long-term projects often run at a loss.
Even if I agree with it,
the board would probably...
not approve it.
I'm damn relieved, man.
I really thought you'd lost it
after sticking around with that Kelvin
every single day.
Good thing
you still know what you're doing.
Listen to me.
Just walk away.
It'll be best for both you
and him.
Trust me.
Thank you.
Hey.
Have a seat.
Have you eaten yet?
Want something to drink?
I'll get it for you.
- Excuse me.
- Wait.
I'm good.
I've...
gone over your business plan in detail,
but...
my company
really can't invest in it.
It's not that it's bad.
It's actually very good.
So...
what's the reason?
Your concept is really innovative,
but it's also extremely risky.
Very few
would dare to take that risk.
And...
our company policy
doesn't allow investing
in things we can't visualize
or that exist only as numbers.
I'm sorry.
No, it's... It's okay.
I'm sorry for wasting your time.
Then, please excuse me.
Hold on, Kelvin.
Kelvin...
I saw you were on a trip.
Where did you go?
Why do you wanna know?
Come on.
I just wanna know where you went.
- Where did you go?
- Can't tell you.
So, did you close the deal last time?
Yep, all taken care of.
Are you sure?
That was my connection, you know.
- Whoa, you wanna do this?
- Yeah.
So?
So, what happened
to that naive Kelvin guy?
Don't even bring up that bastard.
He asked Vier to join his business.
The moment Vier said no, he was gone.
Aw...
Clearly, it was all for his own benefit.
- I bet.
- Yeah.
He's not like that.
Is someone else joining us?
Just forget it.
Kelvin?
Can I have a moment of your time?
Where have you been
these past three months?
I thought you were mad,
so you avoided me.
I was busy trying to find a reason.
A reason that would help you trust me.
Come on.
Where is this place?
Remember when you asked me
about the plan?
I spent the past three months
building this place on my own land.
I've designed everything.
The exterior, the interior, everything.
Look.
Over there is the lobby.
That's the check-in area
and the hotel's signature space.
For the interior,
I combined modern design with wood
so everyone who stays here
feels comfortable
and truly connected to nature.
What do you think?
I think it's great.
But I think...
you should consider
a pet-friendly zone as well.
A lot of people have pets these days,
and they really love them.
You think so?
Sure.
Wanna take a look inside?
I'll show you around.
That side is right on the beach.
Vier,
how do you feel about my idea?
Your idea is good,
but that doesn't mean
the board will change their mind.
Anyway,
I'll take the risk this time
and help you find investors.
Really?
Are you gonna take this risk with me?
Yeah.
I could just go skinny-dipping right now.
Thanks.
You're the very first person
who truly believes in me.
You're exaggerating.
You're acting like a kid.
Let's take a selfie.
Our very first photo as partners.
But there's only one.
I'll take another.
So we can both keep one.
We apologize,
but your loan
cannot be approved at the moment.
Thank you.
We're really sorry,
but we don't have a policy in place
to approve this loan at the moment.
Okay.
Hello.
Your dream is impressive,
but I'm afraid
it exceeds our financial capacity.
Mr. Ken,
all funds have declined
to invest in Mr. Kelvin's business.
Great.
Keep an eye on them
and the funds, too.
Don't let them...
get a single cent.
We've also learned that
Mr. Vier is now interested
in joining Mr. Kelvin's business
and plans to help him
raise funds as well.
Vier?
Since when did they get close?
You can go now.
I can't believe you lost VPG Group
all because of your recklessness.
I'm sorry.
I just wanted to
help our company move faster.
Which only proves
you're too weak to play this game.
Business isn't just about
making big money.
It's about keeping your name clean.
Dirty money can be laundered,
but a tainted reputation
can never be clean again.
This mistake
cost us hundreds of millions
and proved one thing to everyone.
It proved that my son...
played dirty, but wasn't smart enough!
In the business world,
only the clever ones survive.
This world is mud.
Those who survive
are the ones who know
how to move through it
without falling.
Yes, Dad.
You bastards.
You already lost
the moment you challenged me,
you pieces of trash.
I'll wipe you out myself.
Kelvin...
You're the very first person
who truly believes in me.
Vier...
Vier!
Vier, are you up?
Wake up.
Vier...
Vier.
Are you up now?
Hey.
What's up?
You've just been sleeping
since you got back.
Get up and take a break.
Go take a shower now.
Okay.
See you.
Eat up, honey.
This one's on me.
You sick or what?
Have you taken your meds yet?
Well,
I want to ask you something.
- How are you, Vier?
- I...
Long time no see.
When did you come back?
Ohm?
I'm here to pick up my khao soi.
Alright.
I just got back.
You look kinda tired.
Yeah, kinda.
Two bags of khao soi.
That'll be 100 baht, please
Take care of yourself, alright?
Don't worry too much.
I'm leaving now.
- See you.
- Okay.
Alright.
Goodbye.
Where were we?
What were you saying?
Well,
I wanted to ask you something.
I'm thinking about
starting a business in Bangkok.
Do you happen to have
any connections or suggestions?
No?
Not like that.
I just realized
you've grown up now.
Ready to spread your wings, huh?
I'm being serious.
I want some advice.
That's nice.
I remember when you first got here,
you couldn't do anything.
And now you want to
start a business in Bangkok.
What about you?
How have you been?
What do you mean?
I'm fine.
I don't know.
I can't explain it,
but I get the sense that
something's definitely wrong.
You didn't even come see me
when you got back.
You just shut yourself away
and wouldn't even eat.
I'm just tired.
What's making you this tired?
What happened?
Can you tell me?
I'm worried about you.
Thanks.
Come on, don't treat me like a stranger.
Look, without you,
I wouldn't have...
made it this far.
That's not true.
It is.
Sai oua here.
Fresh, hot sai oua here.
[Nana's Delicious Sai Oua]
Do you want some sai oua?
Wanna try some?
Where are you going?
What are you going to do?
Hey,
if you wanna sell around here,
did you get my permission?
What permission?
Hey...
Why?
This is a public space.
Why would she need your permission?
Yes, Mr. Ongart.
Can you send ten guys over?
I've run into
some small-time thugs here.
Okay.
Yes, sir.
I've already shared my location.
Just wait until they come.
Who's Ongart?
There's no Mr. Ongart here.
There's only Mr. Somsak.
We've been tricked!
- Run now.
- Go!
Shit.
Hey!
You picked a fight with those thugs
when you had nothing.
You taught me how to do business
and helped me start my restaurant.
Someone as special as you
should've gone much further.
Don't tell me...
Are you a CEO in disguise?
Jeez.
Hey,
you must've watched
too many short dramas.
If you don't want to tell me,
that's fine.
But if you ever need my help,
you can let me know, sir.
Yeah, thanks.
Is it tasty?
It is. Give it a try.
I'll take care of the customer first.
What would you like, sir?
Khao soi, please.
One moment, sir.
He looks like
the person on the missing poster.
[Missing:
Vier Vivatpattana, 25]
Missing?
And the reward...
Five hundred thousand baht!
What the hell is going on?
I can't stay here anymore.
Wait...
Can you tell me what happened?
Many of you must have seen
the missing person notice I put up.
Vier,
I want to tell you that...
I love you.
Aw, he loves him so much.
- Exactly. I'm jealous.
- Yeah.
Vier, I'm begging you.
What happened?
Yes?
Vier, we're in trouble.
Khun is terminating
all of our contracts.
What should we do?
King Group is buying land around here.
They're now planning
to demolish Nana's restaurant.
What?
Wait...
Oh!
Nature is calling.
Watch my luggage.
I'll be right back.
- Uh...
- I'm going to the restroom.
I'll wait outside.
Okay.
Finally...
I've found you.
Where is he?
Vier...
Gosh.
Come on, pick up.
Why aren't you picking up?
Ms. Lalin,
I've got the list of applicants
for Loyde Group's bodyguard positions.
I can't believe it.
You always said business was family,
but today you chose business over family.
A strong alliance gives you power,
and power
is what keeps everything intact.
What about my happiness?
Have you ever thought about that?
Happiness is unnecessary.
But if you want it,
money can provide it.
It buys stability.
Money always works.
So in your eyes,
I'm nothing more than a pawn, aren't I?
Ms. Lalin,
has anyone caught your eye?
Do I have any other options?
There's another applicant,
but I don't think he's suitable.
Still, if you'd like to take a look,
you can, miss.
Come in.
You may begin.
Why hide the fact that you're a woman
when you're this skilled?
So no one would hold back
just because I'm a woman.
What's your name?
It's Nana.
Be here tomorrow at 8 A.M.
to start work.
Don't be late.
Ohm,
are you still awake?
Can I talk to you for a bit?
Well,
Vier's been missing since yesterday,
and I still haven't heard from him.
What should I do?
Should I go to the police?
Really?
Do you know his family?
His father
is a very well-known businessman.
Be careful
with whatever decision you make.
Maybe you should try
contacting his family first.
He once told me
he was kidnapped a long time ago.
Could it be happening again?
Calm down. Don't do anything rash.
He has a family.
You shouldn't get involved.
Vier,
breakfast is ready.
Come have some.
Vier...
Have a seat.
Fuck it.
♫Countless memories♫
♫That cut you deep♫
♫I know there's no way♫
♫To make things right again,♫
♫'Cause I once believed
I couldn't love at all♫
♫Never saw your worth until the fall♫
♫If I knew how to love you right,♫
♫I wouldn't live in regret tonight♫
♫I hope the stars would hear my plea,♫
♫I don't want this pain inside of me♫
♫I need you♫
♫Only you♫
♫There's one thing you should know♫
♫I'm sorry I once broke your heart♫
♫I'm sorry for making you cry♫
♫I'm sorry I was so unkind
while calling you mine,♫
♫Keeping you close, just by my side♫
♫I'm sorry I once broke your heart♫
♫I'm sorry for making you cry♫
♫I'm sorry I was so unkind
while calling you mine,♫
♫Keeping you close, just by my side♫
♫I'm sorry I once was so heartless and cold♫
♫The truth is I love you with all of my soul♫
♫Just one more chance, let me prove it to you♫
♫Let me show you how much I love you♫
♫How much I love you♫
♫Just one more chance, let me prove it to you♫
♫Let me show you how much I love you♫